6.26
My name is Dan Paymen, and I would like to talk about PatoPower, a small charity union base in the UK. 
I will be given out contact details at the end, if anyone would like to find out more about how to support us. 
But first, how the charity began, I got the idea of exporting bicycles to developing countries while I was in Aqcudo. 
I went there in 1993, just after graduating from university. After three years of studying, I wanted an adventure. 
I love traveling, so I decided to join a voluntary organization, and were send Aqcudo to carry out land service. 
The project came to the end after 5 years, and when I returned to the UK in 1998. 
I started planning PatoPower, when I lived in Aqcudo, was a very rural area. 
My neighbor has the only bicycle in the village, where everyone else walked everywhere. 
My neighbor’s business was unusually successful, and for years, I couldn’t understand why. 
Then I realize having a bike meant he could get where he wanted to go without much trouble. 
Other local XXXs could only accept jobs in the 3 kilometers radius. 
So no matter how skill they were, they could never do as many work as my neighbor. 
At PatoPower, we collect second hand bikes in the UK and send them to the poorest regions in the world. 
When we distribute bike services, we don’t give them away for free, we’d like to, but long term, that doesn’t help for the local economy. 
The demand for bikes is enormous, which makes them very expensive locally. 
So we sell them for 5% of normal price, but in order to continue operating, we need to have a constant supply of bikes which we send out every six months. 
One example of a town which we sent bicycle from PatoPower is Revas, it is the first place I sent a full container bicycles to. 
Most people there own a bicycle, the local economy has developed so much. You wouldn’t recognize it is the same place. 
And in fact, there are more bikes in the street than Amsterdam if you’ve ever been there.  
But PatoPower still needs your help, you may have read about some of our recent problems in the British media. 
In August 2000, we simply ran out of money. We had a container of bikes ready to send but no money to pay the bills. 
It was a terrible situation. We managed ensure the bikes went out on time. But the other problem carried on for several months. 

6.27
Tonight I am going to talk to you about that remarkable continent and article, remode, XXX,and it’s present and permanent bases. 
For earlier explorers, it was the ultimate survival contest.  
For researchers like me, it was means a place with great intellectual challenge, while for the modern tourist, 
it’s simply a  XXX with great beauty. First, some facts and figures. Antarctica is a place of extremes, the highest, 
coldest, and windiest continent. And over 58 times the size of the UK. The ice gap contains over 70 percent of the world’s fresh water, 
and 90% of its ice. But with very low snowfall, most of the continent technically falls unbelievably into the category of desert. 
Huge icebergs break off the continent each year. While in winter, half of the surrounding ocean freezes over which means its size almost doubles. 
Researching and exploration has been going on Antarctic more than 200 years. And has involved scientists for many different countries, 
who work together in research stations. Here science and technical support has been integrated in a very cost effective way. 
Our Antarctic research program has several summery zone stations, and two all year around ones. Our in an all year around ones. 
The research stations are really self-contained community about 20 people. There is living and working space, 
a kitchen with a huge food keeping store, a small hospital, and a well-equipped gem to ensure everyone keep fit enough in their spare time.
The station generates electricity and communicate with the outside world using a settle light link.
